After a while, it all will be over.
Oh, after a while, the sun is going to shine.
Oh, after a while, the dark clouds will all pass over.
We will shout hallelujah after a while.
There's a leaf, the eye is always watching. Oh, trying to see everything that you do.
Oh, there's a leaf, the tongue is always busy. It will lie on me and lie on you. Oh, but after a while
It all will be over.
Oh, after a while, the sun is going to shine.
Oh, after a while, dark clouds, they all pass over.
Lord knows we can shout, hallelujah, after a while.
Your cup sometimes gets mighty bit old.
So bitter, sometimes it makes you cry.
Lord, through your tears, kneel down and call King Jesus.
He will fix it, all right, after a while.
After a while, it all will be over.
Oh, after a while, the sun is going to shine.
Oh, after a while, dark clouds will all pass over.
Lord knows we can shout, hallelujah, after a while.